Fast Chili Trout

high

# Queueing withdrawals from EigenLayer does not guarantee successful withdrawals.

## Summary
When withdrawing from EigenLayer, the withdrawal address is either withdrawal queue or deposit pool, while the staker address is the operator delegator.
Since EigenLayer has a feature flag to enable/disable third party transfers, withdrawals fail.

## Vulnerability Detail
EigenLayer's `StrategyManager` contracts stores a mapping named `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` which maps from strategy to boolean flag that represents if third party transfer is forbidden or not.
```Solidity
// EigenLayer's DelegationManager contract, _removeSharesAndQueueWithdrawal function
// Rio's queueWithdrawal function calls queueWithdrawal function of EigenLayer's DelegationManager contract, and it calls this _removeSharesAndQueueWithdrawal function in it
require(
    staker == withdrawer || !strategyManager.thirdPartyTransfersForbidden(strategies[i]),
    "DelegationManager._removeSharesAndQueueWithdrawal: withdrawer must be same address as staker if thirdPartyTransfersForbidden are set"
);
```
When the flag is set to true, withdrawal address must be same as staker address, unless it reverts.

However, in Rio protocol, the staker address is always operator delegator and the withdrawal address is always either deposit pool or withdrawal queue. This means Rio's withdrawing features do not work for EigenLayer strategies with above flag set true.

## Impact
Rio's withdrawal features do not work at all thus do not allow users to withdraw their deposits.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L265-L273

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Withdrawal logic needs to be modified so that it uses operator delegator address as withdrawal address, once withdrawal is complete, it should transfer withdrawn tokens to either deposit pool or withdrawal queue.