Pet Denim Sardine

medium

# getTVL assumes that all base token and value is the same

## Summary

If the base token of the oracles used in the different assets is different, then the TVL will be counted inaccurately, which will result in an inaccurate mint of LRTs.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol allows assets other than ETH to be converted to LRT through decimal modulation (all assets have same decimals) and value extraction (all assets are converted to value through chainlink oracle).

In order to calculate the LRT shares to be minted for x asset deposited, `getTVL()` will be called. `getTVL()` aggregates all the value of different assets.

```solidity
    function getTVL() public view returns (uint256 value) {
        address[] memory assets = getSupportedAssets();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < assets.length; ++i) {
            value += getTVLForAsset(assets[i]);
        }
    }
```

`getTVL()` -> `getTVLForAsset()` -> `getTotalBalanceForAsset()` -> `convertToUnitOfAccountFromAsset()`. `convertToUnitOfAccountFromAsset()` will get the price from chainlink and normalize the decimals.

```solidity
    function convertToUnitOfAccountFromAsset(address asset, uint256 amount) public view returns (uint256) {
        if (asset == ETH_ADDRESS) {
            return amount;
        }
        address priceFeed = assetInfo[asset].priceFeed;
        uint256 price = getPrice(priceFeed);


        return _normalizeDecimals(price * amount / priceScale, assetInfo[asset].decimals, priceFeedDecimals);
    }
```

The problem lies in getting the price from chainlink. For all supported assets, assume non-ETH, their denominator must be the same, eg USD.

Let's say WBTC, 1INCH and UNI is allowed as an asset. They must all have the same common denominator eg WBTC/USD , 1INCH/USD and UNI/USD.

Since USD and USDC and USDT has different values, the TVL will be different even though they are stable coins.

Also, if WBTC/BTC is used instead of WBTC/USD, then the value will be extremely different because TVL will assume that 1 BTC is worth 1 USD (because the answer from querying WBTC/BTC is 100124103.

https://etherscan.io/address/0xfdFD9C85aD200c506Cf9e21F1FD8dd01932FBB23#readContract

This issue is focused on using Non-ETH pairs, as ETH-pairs assumes that the base token is in ETH, which is correct.

## Impact

TVL will be counted inaccurate. LRT minted will be counted inaccurately as such.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTAssetRegistry.sol#L70-L85

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTAssetRegistry.sol#L188-L196

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is very difficult to coordinate all the assets and values. Recommend only using one asset per instance of the contract, or check thoroughly that the oracle used has the same denominator.
