Polished Saffron Fox

medium

# Unhandled Chainlink revert Would Lock Access To Oracle Price Access

## Summary
According to readme : 
> In case of external protocol integrations, are the risks of external contracts pausing or executing an emergency withdrawal acceptable? If not, Watsons will submit issues related to these situations that can harm your protocol's functionality.
> Yes, the risks associated with EigenLayer and EigenLayer's governance are considered acceptable.

Chainlink's `latestRoundData()` is used which could potentially revert and make it impossible to query any prices. This could lead to permanent denial of service.

## Vulnerability Detail

The ChainlinkPriceFeed.getPrice() function makes use of Chainlink's `latestRoundData()` to get the latest price. However, there is no fallback logic to be executed when the access to the Chainlink data feed is denied by Chainlink's multisigs. 

While currently there’s no whitelisting mechanism to allow or disallow contracts from reading prices, powerful multisigs can tighten these access controls. In other words, the multisigs can immediately block access to price feeds at will.
[https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/url)

## Impact
`ChainlinkPriceFeed.getPrice()` could revert and cause denial of service to the protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/oracle/ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol#L33-L40

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement another logic in case chainlink calls revert