Joyous Chili Leopard

high

# Revert on `Large Approvals` Leads to Asset Loss in Protocol

## Summary

When the Coordinator calls the `Deposit Pool Rebalancer` function to deposit assets into the EigenLayer `strategyManager` in the OperatorDelegator contract, it approves `type(uint256).max` assets for the `strategyManager`, causing some ERC20 tokens to revert due to large approvals.

## Vulnerability Detail

As the protocol supports Standard ERC20 tokens:


     Which ERC20 tokens do you expect will interact with the smart contracts?

     Standard ERC20 tokens with no fewer than 6 decimals and no more than 18 decimals. Rebasing tokens, fee-on-transfer tokens, and tokens with multiple entry points are NOT supported.

Some tokens, for example, [UNI and COMP](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20?tab=readme-ov-file#revert-on-large-approvals--transfers), revert if the value passed to approve is larger than `uint96`.

Both of the above tokens have special case logic in approve that sets the allowance to `type(uint96).max` if the approval amount is `uint256(-1)`, which may cause issues with systems that expect the value passed to approve to be reflected in the allowances mapping.

When the DAO adds assets, for example, `UNI, COMP`:

```solidity
    function addAsset(AssetConfig calldata config) external onlyOwner {
        _addAsset(config);
    }
```

Users deposit their UNI tokens to the Coordinator and mint LRT tokens. However, when the rebalance occurs for this specific token

```solidity
        (uint256 sharesReceived, bool isDepositCapped) = depositPool().depositBalanceIntoEigenLayer(asset);
```

it reverts in `OperatorDelegator::stakeERC20`, and UNI tokens do not transfer to the strategyManager of EigenLayer.

```solidity
    function stakeERC20(address strategy, address token_, uint256 amount) external onlyDepositPool returns (uint256 shares) {
        if (IERC20(token_).allowance(address(this), address(strategyManager)) < amount) {
            IERC20(token_).forceApprove(address(strategyManager), type(uint256).max);
        }
        shares = strategyManager.depositIntoStrategy(strategy, token_, amount);
    }
```

Consequently, when a user wants to withdraw their assets, the rebalance reverts, causing the user to lose their assets and become stuck in the protocol.

## Impact

Users who deposit UNI tokens, for example, and mint LRT tokens unable to withdraw their assets from the protocol due to large approval. This can result in their funds becoming stuck in the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTAssetRegistry.sol#L244-L246

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L82

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L132

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L176

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Modify the approval logic to ensure that the allowance set for the strategyManager does not exceed the maximum allowed value for some ERC20 tokens.
