Gorgeous Basil Locust

medium

# Rebalance DoS due to errors in allocation calculations

## Summary

The calculation of shares and tokens to be allocated in a strategy is not correct, which will lead to the `rebalance` function reverting, preventing the deposit of new funds into EigenLayer and the processing of the withdrawals queued.

## Vulnerability Detail

`RioLRTCoordinator.rebalance` processes outstanding withdrawals and deposits the remaining assets into EigenLayer.

The deposit is done by [calling `RioLRTDepositPool.depositBalanceIntoEigenLayer`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L132). For for ERC20 tokens this function calculates the number of shares to allocate and [calls `OperatorOperations.depositTokenToOperators`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTDepositPool.sol#L66) to deposit the tokens into the EigenLayer.

Now let's see what happens inside `OperatorOperations.depositTokenToOperators`.

1. [`RioLRTOperatorRegistry.allocateStrategyShares` is called](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/utils/OperatorOperations.sol#L57-L59) to get the list of operators. This function allocates a specified amount of shares for the provided strategy to the operators with the lowest utilization and returns the total amount of shares allocated and an array with the allocation for each operator.

2. [Iterates over the list of allocations](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/utils/OperatorOperations.sol#L61-L66) to call the corresponding delegator contract, that will deposit the amount of tokens calculated in the previous step into EigenLayer.

3. [It is checked](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/utils/OperatorOperations.sol#L67) if the total amount of shares received is equal to the number of shares requested. If it is not, the function reverts.

However, there are two issues in [`allocateStrategyShares`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorRegistry.sol#L342-L392) with the calculations regarding the conversion of the shares and underlying token for EigenLayer's strategy.

First, the amount of tokens to be allocated is calculated as `IStrategy(strategy).sharesToUnderlyingView(newShareAllocation)` and it is assumed that when depositing that amount of tokens into EigenLayer we will receive `newShareAllocation` shares. But this is not necessarily true. A simple way to illustrate this:

```solidity
uint256 totalTokens = 3;
uint256 totalShares = 2;
uint256 inputShares = 3;

// Shares to underlying
uint256 tokens = totalTokens * inputShares / totalShares; // 3 * 3 / 2 = 4

// Underlying to shares
uint256 outputShares = totalShares * tokens / totalTokens; // 2 * 4 / 3 = 2

// outputShares != inputShares
```

Thus, depositing `newTokenAllocation` tokens into EigenLayer will not necessarily result in `newShareAllocation` shares.

Second, it is not taken into account that after the first deposit, the shares/underlying ratio can change, so after the first iteration in the `while` loop `sharesToUnderlyingView` is not necessarily returning the amount of tokens it might return if we had taken into account the outcome of the previous deposit. Again, a simple way to illustrate this:

```solidity
uint256 totalTokens = 3;
uint256 totalShares = 2;
uint256 inputShares = 3;

// Shares to underlying
uint256 tokens = totalTokens * inputShares / totalShares; // 3 * 3 / 2 = 4

// After depositing 4 tokens
totalTokens += 4;
totalShares += 2;

// Shares to underlying
uint256 tokensAfter = totalTokens * inputShares / totalShares; // 7 * 3 / 4 = 5

// tokensAfter != tokens
```

These two errors in the calculations of the expected `sharesAllocated` lead to this amount not being equal to the actual amount of shares received `sharesReceived` and the function reverting due to the check described in the third step.

Note that the likelihood of this issue happening is extremely high, as it is very easy that the calculations of `sharesAllocated` are overestimated by at least 1 wei.

## Impact

The `rebalance` function will revert, which will not only prevent the deposit of new funds into EigenLayer, but also the processing of the withdrawals queued. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorRegistry.sol#L352-L381

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/utils/OperatorOperations.sol#L67

## Proof of concept

Add the following code in `test/RioLRTDepositPool.t.sol` and run `forge test --mt test_depositIntoELDoS`.

```solidity
import {IStrategy} from 'contracts/interfaces/eigenlayer/IStrategy.sol';
import {IStrategyManager} from 'contracts/interfaces/eigenlayer/IStrategyManager.sol';
import {OperatorOperations} from 'contracts/utils/OperatorOperations.sol';

(...)

    function test_depositIntoELDoS() public {
        cbETH.approve(STRATEGY_MANAGER_ADDRESS, 10e18);
        IStrategyManager(STRATEGY_MANAGER_ADDRESS)
            .depositIntoStrategy(CBETH_STRATEGY, CBETH_ADDRESS, 10e18);
        cbETH.mint(CBETH_STRATEGY, 1e18);
        // Strategy has 11e18 tokens, and 10e18 shares
        assertEq(cbETH.balanceOf(CBETH_STRATEGY), 11e18);
        assertEq(IStrategy(CBETH_STRATEGY).totalShares(), 10e18);

        uint256 amount = 1999e18;
        addOperatorDelegators(reLST.operatorRegistry, address(reLST.rewardDistributor), 10);
        cbETH.mint(address(reLST.depositPool), amount);

        vm.prank(address(reLST.coordinator));
        vm.expectRevert(abi.encodeWithSelector(OperatorOperations.INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_SHARES_RECEIVED.selector));
        reLST.depositPool.depositBalanceIntoEigenLayer(CBETH_ADDRESS);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The most straightforward way to fix this issue is to remove the check for the amount of shares received and let the deposit happen.

If it is considered necessary to keep the check, the calculation of `sharesAllocated` done in `allocateStrategyShares` should be adjusted with the following steps:

1. After calculating `newTokenAllocation` call `underlyingToSharesView` passing to it `newShareAllocation`.
2. Implement the `sharesToUnderlying` and `underlyingToSharesView` functions in the contract and use the updated amount of tokens and shares expected to be present in the strategy after each deposit.