Quiet Smoke Koala

medium

# First depositor can abuse exchange rate to steal funds from later depositors

## Summary
This report outlines a critical vulnerability found in the provided smart contract. The vulnerability arises from the _depositETH function, which can be exploited to abuse the exchange rate and potentially steal funds from later depositors. The vulnerability allows an attacker to manipulate the share ratio, leading to steal funds from later depositors .

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerable code is located within the _depositETH function. The issue arises when the total supply of shares is zero (totalSupply == 0). In this case, the share ratio calculation allows an attacker to significantly inflate their share ratio by depositing a minimal amount of ETH then donate directly  as the supply gets so big to greatly inflate the ratio.

## Impact
The vulnerability in the _depositETH function of the provided smart contract exposes a potential share ratio inflation exploit. This vulnerability allows an attacker to manipulate the share ratio by depositing a minimal amount of ETH, triggering the minting of shares, and potentially stealing funds from later depositors due to truncation during the conversion to shares. The impact includes the potential loss of funds for later depositors and a disproportionate share distribution in the pool.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L162

    function convertFromUnitOfAccountToRestakingTokens(uint256 value) public view returns (uint256) {
        ..
        if (supply == 0) {
            return value;
        }
        return value * supply / tvl;
    }
    
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L211

    receive() external payable {
        _depositETH();
    }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L217

    function _depositETH() internal checkDeposit(ETH_ADDRESS, msg.value) returns (uint256 amountOut) {

        amountOut = convertFromUnitOfAccountToRestakingTokens(msg.value);

        address(depositPool()).transferETH(msg.value);
        // Mint restaking tokens to the caller.
        token.mint(msg.sender, amountOut);
       ..
    }
    

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
A mechanism should be implemented to handle the case of zero totalSupply during initialization. A potential solution is inspired by [Uniswap V2 Core Code](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/ee547b17853e71ed4e0101ccfd52e70d5acded58/contracts/UniswapV2Pair.sol#L119-L124), which sends the first 1001 LP tokens to the zero address. This way, it's extremely costly to inflate the share price as much as 1001 times on the first deposit.