Plain Vinyl Cobra

high

# Shareowed for withdrawals in a epoch are deposited to the  withdrawalQueue are double or more than shareowed.

## Summary
Shareowed for withdrawals in a epoch are deposited to the  withdrawalQueue are double or more than shareowed.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let assume for an asset, total shareowed = 10k for withdrawals and total address pool balance = 8k in the current epoch.
2. The rebalance function is called,  as  sharesOwed >0, _processUserWithdrawalsForCurrentEpoch function is called where, as deposit pool has 8k balance , so deposit pool sends total 8k balance to the  withdrawalQueue. Now the deposit pool has 0 balance for this asset.
3. As sharesRemaining>0,the epoch does not settle and this creates queueCurrentEpochSettlement.
4. As the current epoch is not settled , so the epoch is still the same and shareowed for withdrawals is still same i.e 10k.
5. In 24 hours,let assume, 12k asset’s balance are deposited to the pool 
6. After rebalancedelay,the rebalance function is called and 10k asset’s balances are sent to the  withdrawalQueue and the epoch is settled .
7. Now 18k asset’s balance exists in the  withdrawalQueue.so 10k will be withdrawn by usesr  and 8k will be stuck in the  withdrawalQueue.



## Impact
When  function settleEpochFromEigenLayer(contract RioLRTWithdrawalQueue ) is called , this will cause revert as epochWithdrawals.settled = true and asset’s funds will be stuck unnecessary in the  withdrawalQueue.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L121
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
implement properly epoch settlement