Melted Admiral Mandrill

high

# When the deposit pool has insufficient deposits, currentEpochsByAsset[asset] is not updated

## Summary

When a user calls `requestWithdrawal`, the `rebalance` function is called. However, if the `deposit` pool does not have enough funds, you need to wait for `EigenLayer` to return the amount. But the `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` function does not update `currentEpochsByAsset[asset]`, which makes the entire logic confusing.

## Vulnerability Detail

When users withdraw funds, they need to call `requestWithdrawal` first and then `rebalance`. When rebalance does not have enough money in the contract `RioLRTDepositPool` to be sent to the user, the user needs to wait for redemption from EigenLayer, and there will be 7 days of EigenLayer withdrawals. Payment is delayed. Then the user needs to call the contract `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` and then call `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::claimWithdrawalsForEpoch` to withdraw money normally.

There are currently two situations. The first one `RioLRTDepositPool` does not have enough amount. Those users who want to withdraw money will be stored in a roots member. If the `rebalance` function is called again and the amount of `RioLRTDepositPool` is sufficient at this time, Then users in the previous roots can successfully withdraw money, and can call `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` again after 7 days to complete the second withdrawal.

In the second case, `RioLRTDepositPool` does not have enough amount, and the function `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` is executed first, which will cause `currentEpochsByAsset[asset]` to be unable to be updated, thus making the funds stuck in the contract forever and no one can receive.



## Impact

Users cannot claim the amount or malicious users may be able to steal other people's funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L177-L209

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add `currentEpochsByAsset[asset]` update in function `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::queueCurrentEpochSettlement`