Radiant Amethyst Haddock

high

# Withdrawals will be impossible after `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` and `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` are called

## Summary

Both `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` and `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` fail to increment `currentEpochsByAsset`, thus hindering future withdrawals.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `RioLRTCoordinator` contract, during the invocation of the `rebalance` function, withdrawals can be processed in two ways, following the invocation of `_processUserWithdrawalsForCurrentEpoch`:

- If the deposit pool contains sufficient funds to cover all withdrawals, `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.settleCurrentEpoch` is called.
- If the deposit pool can only cover a portion of the withdrawal shares, a withdrawal is requested from EigenLayer by calling `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.queueCurrentEpochSettlement`. The withdrawal can later be completed (after a 7-day delay in EigenLayer) by calling `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.settleEpochFromEigenLayer` to receive the funds from EigenLayer.

The issue arises in the second case. When `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` and subsequently `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` are called, they fail to increment `currentEpochsByAsset`, unlike when `settleCurrentEpoch` is called directly. Consequently, after the execution of these functions (which settle the epoch by setting `epochWithdrawals.settled = true`), the `getCurrentEpoch` function returns the same old epoch, already settled:

```solidity
function settleEpochFromEigenLayer(
    address asset,
    uint256 epoch,
    IDelegationManager.Withdrawal[] calldata queuedWithdrawals,
    uint256[] calldata middlewareTimesIndexes
) external {
    EpochWithdrawals storage epochWithdrawals = _getEpochWithdrawals(asset, epoch);
    if (epochWithdrawals.sharesOwed == 0) revert NO_SHARES_OWED_IN_EPOCH();
    if (epochWithdrawals.settled) revert EPOCH_ALREADY_SETTLED();
    if (epochWithdrawals.aggregateRoot == bytes32(0)) revert WITHDRAWALS_NOT_QUEUED_FOR_EPOCH();

    uint256 queuedWithdrawalCount = queuedWithdrawals.length;
    if (queuedWithdrawalCount != middlewareTimesIndexes.length) revert INVALID_MIDDLEWARE_TIMES_INDEXES_LENGTH();

    epochWithdrawals.settled = true;

    // forgefmt: disable-next-item
    uint256 sharesReceivedDuringSettlement = epochWithdrawals.sharesOwed - epochWithdrawals.shareValueOfAssetsReceived;

    // If not ETH, decrease the shares held for the asset. The decrease in queued ETH is
    // handled on a per-operator basis below.
    if (asset != ETH_ADDRESS) {
        assetRegistry().decreaseSharesHeldForAsset(asset, sharesReceivedDuringSettlement);
    }
    token.burn(epochWithdrawals.amountToBurnAtSettlement);
    //@audit didn't increment currentEpochsByAsset

    ...
}
```

This prevents any future withdrawals, as both `settleCurrentEpoch` and `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` functions (the only withdrawal methods) revert when called again, due to the following check:

```solidity
if (epochWithdrawals.settled) revert EPOCH_ALREADY_SETTLED();
```

Note that the protocol lacks any other method for updating `currentEpochsByAsset` thereafter. Consequently, the `getCurrentEpoch` function definitively points to a settled epoch, disabling all withdrawal operations and resulting in funds becoming stuck.

## Impact

The failure to increment `currentEpochsByAsset` in both `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` or `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` prevents future user withdrawals from the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L177-L209

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L216-L271

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue, either `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` or `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` must update `currentEpochsByAsset` after queuing or settling the epoch.