Polished Saffron Fox

medium

# minAnswer/maxAnswer Circuit Breaker Checks while Querying Prices in Oracle.sol

## Summary
Returned prices from `ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol` are not checked against extreme boundaries (`minAnswer` and `maxAnswer`). Without such a mechanism, the contract could operate based on incorrect prices, which could lead to an over- or under-representation of the asset's value, potentially causing significant harm to the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue borrowing with the asset but at the wrong price. This is exactly what happened to [Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).

In its current form, the `getPrice()` function within the ChainLinkPriceFeed.sol contract retrieves the latest round data from Chainlink, if the asset's market price plummets below `minAnswer` or skyrockets above `maxAnswer`, the returned price will still be `minAnswer` or `maxAnswer`, respectively, rather than the actual market price. This could potentially lead to an exploitation scenario where the protocol interacts with the asset using incorrect price information.
```solidity
    /// @notice Get the current price.
    function getPrice() external view returns (uint256) {
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IChainlinkAggregatorV3(source).latestRoundData();
        if (block.timestamp > updatedAt + stalePriceDelay) revert STALE_PRICE();
        if (price <= 0) revert BAD_PRICE();

        return uint256(price);
    }
```
Illustration:
- Present price of TokenA is $10
- TokenA has a minimum price set at $1 on chainlink
- The actual price of TokenA dips to $0.10
- The aggregator continues to report $1 as the price.
Consequently, users can interact with protocol using TokenA as though it were still valued at $1, which is a tenfold overestimate of its real market value.

## Impact
The potential for misuse arises when the actual price of an asset drastically changes but the oracle continues to operate using the minAnswer or maxAnswer as the asset's price. In the case of it going under the minAnswer malicious actors obviously have the upperhand and could give their potential going to zero worth tokens to protocol

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/oracle/ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol#L33-L40

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Since there is going to be a whitelist of tokens to be added, the minPrice/maxPrice could be checked and a revert could be made when this is returned by chainlink or a fallback oracle that does not have circuit breakers could be implemented in that case