Elegant Navy Sloth

medium

# PriceOracle will use the wrong price if the Chainlink registry returns price outside the minimum and maximum range

## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built-in circuit breaker that prevents the price of an asset from going outside of a predetermined price band. If an asset experiences a significant drop in value, the price returned by the oracle will continue to be the `minPrice` instead of the actual price of the asset.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `getPrice()` function in the `ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol` uses the `latestRoundData` function from the IChainlinkAggregatorV3 interface to get the latest price data.
But there is only a check for price to be non-negative, and not within an acceptable range.
```javascript
  function getPrice() external view returns (uint256) {
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IChainlinkAggregatorV3(source).latestRoundData();

        if (block.timestamp > updatedAt + stalePriceDelay) revert STALE_PRICE();                    
        if (price <= 0) revert BAD_PRICE(); 

        return uint256(price);
    }
```
## Impact

If the price feed from the Chainlink aggregator is incorrect due to the circuit breaker mechanism, it could lead to inaccurate valuation of the staked assets. Specifically, if the price of an asset crashes and the Chainlink aggregator continues to return the minPrice, the protocol might overvalue the asset. This overvaluation could result in miscalculated rewards for stakers. Additionally, the liquid tokens, which represent restaked positions, could be inflated in value.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/oracle/ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol#L34-L40

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check for the price to be within an acceptable range.