Puny Sage Mockingbird

high

# Handling ETH leads to accounting issues when it is not the unit of account

## Summary

Functions in the `RioLRTAssetRegistry` contract hardcode how ETH balances are accounted. Skipping conversion works correctly when ETH is the unit of account and related asset price oracles are quoted in ETH. When the unit of account is USD, for example, and ETH is added as a valid asset, then the accounting functions in  `RioLRTAssetRegistry` handle different asset types as they are the same.   

## Vulnerability Detail

The function  `getTVL()` calculates the value of all registered assets in the registry. The `getTVLForAsset()` always needs to return the unit of account, and when ETH is the unit of account, it does it correctly. When the unit of account is USD and ETH is a valid asset, then two different types of units of account are calculated together as they were the same. `convertToUnitOfAccountFromAsset` only does the unit conversion for none ETH assets. 

```Solidity
    function getTVL() public view returns (uint256 value) {
        address[] memory assets = getSupportedAssets();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < assets.length; ++i) {
            value += getTVLForAsset(assets[i]);
        }
    }

    function getTVLForAsset(address asset) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 balance = getTotalBalanceForAsset(asset);
        if (asset == ETH_ADDRESS) {
            return balance;
        }
        return convertToUnitOfAccountFromAsset(asset, balance);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTAssetRegistry.sol#L79C1-L86C1

Other affected functions are `convertToUnitOfAccountFromAsset()` and `convertFromUnitOfAccountToAsset()`. They are used with the `RioLRTAssetRegistry` and the `RioLRTCoordinator` contracts. 

## Impact
Depositing ETH into a contract deployment with USD as the unit of account leads to severe accounting issues. A deposit of 10000000000000000 Wei (0.01 ETH) with 18 decimals is counted as the unit of account without conversion, and because USD is only handled with 8 decimals, the value would account for 100,000,000 USD. 

## Code Snippet
See above

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to remove the hardcoded handling of ETH and instead convert it to the unit of account as it is done for other assets. 

Alternatively, make the unit of account explicit when issuing a new LRT, and when assets are added to the registry, prevent ETH from being added when it is not the unit of account. 