Nutty Indigo Duck

high

# TVL can be manipulated when withdrawals are triggered outside of Rio

## Summary
`getTVL()` does not take into account ETH queued for withdrawals when the withdrawal is triggered from outside of Rio. The resulting underestimation of TVL could allow an attacker to buy reETH at a temporary discount.

## Vulnerability Detail
In AssetRegistry, `getTVL()` takes into account native ETH from these sources: 1) depositPool's balance, 2) unverified validators' balance, 3) Eigenpod shares (1:1 represenation with ETH), and 4) ETH queued for withdrawal. 

ETH queued for withdrawal is calculated from Rio's internal accounting whenever withdrawals are triggered. 

The problem lies in the fact that withdrawals may be triggered from outside of Rio. This can happen when:
1) Operator who holds active key initiates validator exit 
2) Validator is slashed to 16 ETH and is forcefully exited
3) Operator calls `undelegate` on Eigenlayer's [DelegationManager](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L211C5-L221C11)

In these circumstances, ETH is queued for withdrawal but Rio's internal accounting is not updated. As a result, TVL would be underestimated for the period of the withdrawal delay period, allowing anyone to purchase reETH at a temporary discount.

Consider this scenario: 
1. reETH total supply and TVL is 96 ETH implying a ratio of 1 reETH : 1 ETH
2. Malicious operator who holds a minority allocation of one validator 'accidentally' undelegates himself triggering a withdrawal on Beacon chain
3. Staked ETH balance decreases by 32 ETH, it is updated on Eigenlayer and shares of the Eigenpod decreases by 32 ETH. 
4. Rio's `getTVL()` drops by 32 ETH since shares were decreased in earlier step but Rio is unaware of the ETH in the withdrawal queue. Exchange rate is now  96 reETH : 64 ETH = 0.67 ratio
5. Malicious operator goes and purchase cheap reETH. Waits for withdrawal to complete after which ETH is transferred to Rio's deposit pool and TVL increases back to original value
6. reETH value increases and operator can sell  reETH for a profit

## Impact
Malicious operator or anyone who observes this issue when it happens can profit by buying reETH cheap and selling several days after for a profit, at a cost to existing reETH holders whose share will be diluted. 

This could also happen in a major slashing event (e.g. smart contract bug) where many validators are slashed to 16 ETH and forcefully exited. Whoever observes this scenario will be able to take advantage of the temporary underpricing of reETH.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTAssetRegistry.sol#L70
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L252

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider off-chain monitoring for such edge case withdrawals and temporarily pause Rio operations until the withdrawals have completed and ETH is back inside Rio's system. Will require implementation of a pause function in Rio. 