Joyous Chili Leopard

high

# Rebalance Revert Due to Paused `depositIntoStrategy` Function

## Summary

When the Rio Network protocol stake ERC20 tokens into the `strategyManager` contract of the EigenLayer, the `depositIntoStrategy` function is invoked. This function includes the `onlyWhenNotPaused` modifier. If the function is paused, the transaction reverts, and the rebalance does not occur.

## Vulnerability Detail

When user deposit asset to the `coordinator` the coordinator send the asset to the `depositPool` and mint `LRT` to the user. However the issues arise when user want to withdraw thier asset. They call `requestWithdrawal` so the Rio Protocol will pull the LRT from the user and place them into a Withdrawal Queue. To claim thier asset back in the Withdrawal Queue. However if the Deposit Pool has enough funds to cover the withdrawal, then the user will be able to receive their funds within one day (after the next Rebalance and completion of the current epoch) and user must call this `claimWithdrawalsForEpoch` function to transfer back thier asset but in this function before `transferTo` the user must `epochWithdrawals.settled` is true. Epoch withdrawals are settled during each call in a 24-hour rebalance cycle. To facilitate deposits into `EigenLayer` and to process 1-day withdrawals from the Rio LRT, there is an automated process called the Deposit Pool Rebalancer, which is run via the Coordinator. When a rebalance occurs, the withdrawal queue is checked for all pending withdrawals during that epoch. The epoch will be settled, and if the amount of shares in the Deposit Pool can fund all of the user's withdrawal requests, then the withdrawals can be claimed by withdrawers. However, if a rebalance does not occur, the withdrawal queue will not be checked for pending withdrawals during that epoch, and the epoch will not be settled and the withdrawals cannot be claimed.

So when rebalance is called after Users withdrawals For Current Epcoh is set.

```solidity
        // Process any outstanding withdrawals using funds from the deposit pool and EigenLayer.
        uint256 sharesOwed = withdrawalQueue().getSharesOwedInCurrentEpoch(asset);
        if (sharesOwed > 0) {
            _processUserWithdrawalsForCurrentEpoch(asset, sharesOwed);
        }
```

Then rebalance deposit remaining assets into EigenLayer.

```solidity
        // Deposit remaining assets into EigenLayer.
        (uint256 sharesReceived, bool isDepositCapped) = depositPool().depositBalanceIntoEigenLayer(asset);
```

Further operations and calculations are performed on the assets and the allocation is set. The `Deposit pool` then call `OperatorDelegator::stakeERC20` function to deposit assets into the `StrategyManager::depositIntoStrategy` on EigenLayer.

```solidity
    function stakeERC20(address strategy, address token_, uint256 amount) external onlyDepositPool returns (uint256 shares) {
        if (IERC20(token_).allowance(address(this), address(strategyManager)) < amount) {
            IERC20(token_).forceApprove(address(strategyManager), type(uint256).max);
        }
        shares = strategyManager.depositIntoStrategy(strategy, token_, amount);
    }
```

However, if this `depositIntoStrategy` function is paused, the transaction is reverted, and the rebalance does not occur.


https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/dev/src/contracts/core/StrategyManager.sol#L105-L111

```solidity
    function depositIntoStrategy(
        IStrategy strategy,
        IERC20 token,
        uint256 amount
    ) external onlyWhenNotPaused(PAUSED_DEPOSITS) nonReentrant returns (uint256 shares) {
        shares = _depositIntoStrategy(msg.sender, strategy, token, amount);
    }
```

So when a rebalance does not occurs. The epoch will be not settled and the withdrawal(s) can not be claimed by the users.

## Impact

The rebalance does not occur withdrawal can not be claimed by the users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L125-L135

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L174-L179

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Review the necessity of the `onlyWhenNotPaused` modifier in the `depositIntoStrategy` function and consider alternative strategies to ensure smooth rebalancing even during pauses.
