Quiet Smoke Koala

medium

# Risk of Incorrect Asset Pricing by StableOracle in Case of Underlying Aggregator Reaching minAnswer

## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built-in circuit breaker to prevent the price of an asset from deviating outside a predefined price range. This circuit breaker may cause the oracle to persistently return the minPrice instead of the actual asset price in the event of a significant price drop, as witnessed during the LUNA crash.

## Vulnerability Detail
ChainlinkFeedRegistry#latestRoundData extracts the linked aggregator and requests round data from it. If an asset's price falls below the minPrice, the protocol continues to value the token at the minPrice rather than its real value. 

For instance, if TokenA's minPrice is $1 and its price falls to $0.10, the aggregator continues to report $1, rendering the related function calls to entail a value that is ten times the actual value.

It's important to note that while Chainlink oracles form part of the OracleAggregator system and the use of a combination of oracles could potentially prevent such a situation, there's still a risk. Secondary oracles, such as Band, could potentially be exploited by a malicious user who can DDOS relayers to prevent price updates. Once the price becomes stale, the Chainlink oracle's price would be the sole reference, posing a significant risk.

## Impact
In the event of an asset crash (like LUNA), the protocol can be manipulated to handle calls at an inflated price.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/oracle/ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol#L35

    function getPrice() external view returns (uint256) {
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IChainlinkAggregatorV3(source).latestRoundData();
        if (block.timestamp > updatedAt + stalePriceDelay) revert STALE_PRICE();
        if (price <= 0) revert BAD_PRICE();

        return uint256(price);
    }
    
    
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
StableOracle should cross-check the returned answer against the minPrice/maxPrice and revert if the answer is outside of these bounds:

    if (price >= maxPrice or price <= minPrice) revert();

