Elegant Golden Buffalo

medium

# ChainlinkPriceFeed will use the wrong price if the underlying aggregator(source) returns price outside min range

## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue borrowing with the asset but at the wrong price. 

## Vulnerability Detail
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/oracle/ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol#L34
```solidity
 function getPrice() external view returns (uint256) {
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IChainlinkAggregatorV3(source).latestRoundData();
        if (block.timestamp > updatedAt + stalePriceDelay) revert STALE_PRICE();
        if (price <= 0) revert BAD_PRICE();

        return uint256(price);
    }
```
ChainlinkAggregators have minPrice and maxPrice circuit breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below the minPrice, the protocol will continue to value the token at minPrice instead of it's actual value. This will allow users to take out huge amounts of bad debt and bankrupt the protocol.

Example: TokenA has a minPrice of $2. The price of TokenA drops to $0.20. The aggregator still returns $2 allowing the user to borrow against TokenA as if it is $2.

## Impact
The wrong price may be returned in the event of a market crash. An adversary will then be able to borrow against the wrong price and incur bad debt to the protocol.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/oracle/ChainlinkPriceFeed.sol#L34


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement the proper check for each asset. ChainlinkPriceFeed should check the returned answer against the minPrice/maxPrice and revert if the answer is outside of the bounds
```diff
 function getPrice() external view returns (uint256) {
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IChainlinkAggregatorV3(source).latestRoundData();
        if (block.timestamp > updatedAt + stalePriceDelay) revert STALE_PRICE();
        if (price <= 0) revert BAD_PRICE();
+       if (price >= maxPrice or price <= minPrice)revert();

        return uint256(price);
    }
```