Overt Rouge Porcupine

medium

# Gas Limitation for ETH transfers can break compatibility with Smart Contract Wallets.

## Summary
Due to the hardcoded gas limit set on the `Asset.transferETH()` function, smart contract wallets may not be able to receive funds. Consequently, they become unusable within the protocol as they won't be able to retrieve their funds after withdrawal requests.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Asset.transferETH()` function is utilized to send funds in certain Rio Network contracts such as `RioLRTDepositPool` and `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue`. However, this function restricts the gas cost of the call to a fixed value of `10000`, as evident from the provided code snippet.
```solidity
function transferETH(address recipient, uint256 amount) internal {
	(bool success,) = recipient.call{value: amount, gas: 10_000}('');
	if (!success) {
		revert ETH_TRANSFER_FAILED();
	}
}
```

Smart contract wallets might implement additional logic in their `receive` or `fallback` methods, causing the gas cost of ETH transfer to exceed the hardcoded value. As a result, these wallets won't be able to execute `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.claimWithdrawalsForEpoch()`, leaving their LRT tokens indefinitely trapped in the `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue` contract.

Moreover, relying on fixed gas values isn't advisable since opcode gas costs are subject to change, as seen in past updates like [EIP-1884](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1884) and [EIP-2929](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2929). Consequently, there is a risk that `Asset.transferETH()` might become unavailable even for EOAs if gas costs  increase in the future.
## Impact
Smart contract wallets may not be able to receive funds from `transferETH()`, making them unable to claim their assets during withdrawals.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/utils/Asset.sol#L41-L46

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider the removal of the maximum gas cost constraint in the `transferETH()` function. However, it's essential to note that if this gas cost limit serves as a defense against reentrancy attacks, its removal could pose risks to the protocol's security.
