Basic Mango Alligator

high

# Potential Loss of ETH due to Missing Fallback Function in Recipient Contract

## Summary
The transferTo function in the provided Solidity code is vulnerable to causing a loss of Ether (ETH) when attempting to transfer ETH to a contract recipient that lacks a fallback or receive function. The function does not implement any error handling or alternative transfer mechanisms to ensure successful receipt of funds by the contract. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause of the "Potential Loss of ETH due to Missing Fallback Function in Recipient Contract" vulnerability in the provided code is on line 32.

In this line, the code attempts to transfer ETH to the recipient address using the **transferETH** function. However, the correct function to transfer ETH is **transfer** or **send**, as there is no **transferETH** function in Solidity. This mistake can lead to a situation where the ETH transfer fails and the transferred ETH gets stuck in the contract, resulting in a potential loss of ETH.

The vulnerability in the code is that it does not include a fallback function in the recipient contract to handle incoming Ether transfers. This means that if the recipient contract does not have a payable fallback function, any Ether sent to it will be lost.

**Proof of Concept (PoC) code:**

1.Create a vulnerable recipient contract without a payable fallback function:
```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

contract VulnerableRecipient {
    // No payable fallback function
}
```
2. Deploy the vulnerable recipient contract.
3. Call the **transferTo** function in the original smart contract with the address of the vulnerable recipient contract as the recipient and an amount of Ether:
```solidity
transferTo(ETH_ADDRESS, vulnerableRecipientAddress, 1 ether);
```
4. The Ether sent to the vulnerable recipient contract will be lost as there is no fallback function to handle it, resulting in a potential loss of ETH.
## Impact
This oversight can lead to transaction reversion, resulting in a permanent loss of ETH if the function is integral to the protocol's operation, thereby potentially causing a smart contract to fail due to insufficient funds.
## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this issue, we can add a check to verify if the **asset** is ETH and then use **address payable** to cast the **recipient** address before transferring the ETH. This way, the transfer will only be attempted if the **recipient** address is capable of receiving ETH.

Here is the patched code example:

```solidity
30       function transferTo(address asset, address recipient, uint256 amount) internal {
31           if (asset == ETH_ADDRESS) {
32               address payable payableRecipient = address(uint160(recipient));
33               payableRecipient.transfer(amount);
34           } else {
35               IERC20(asset).safeTransfer(recipient, amount);
36           }
37       }
```