Exotic Parchment Tadpole

medium

# NEED TO ADD FORGE TEST - Update in Eigenlayer strategy will break accounting

## Summary

Eigenlayer (EL) can update their strategy contract for a given asset. When this happens, EL will move all funds from the old strategy to the new strategy contract. When this EL strategy migration occurs, Rio's LRT accounting system will break in a way that it's not designed since it relies on the strategy contract to calculate assets -> shares and shares -> assets calculations.

Currently EL has no way to update strategies for a given asset. Once an asset strategy is set, it can't be updated. If a strategy is ever deprecated, Rio will have no programmatic way to update the strategy and adjust for the accounting changes that will occur in the migration.

Note, that it is possible to remove an asset and add it back, but this requires the asset's TVL to reach zero which may not be possible for Eigenlayer to do.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a EL strategy is updated, the following Rio functions will be impacted:

- RioLRTAssetRegistry.convertToSharesFromAsset()
- RioLRTAssetRegistry.convertFromSharesToAsset()

Both of these functions call strategy functions to get either the share value of an asset or an asset value of a share. When a strategy is updated by Eigenlayer, these function return values will change. Let's take a look at Strategy.sharesToUnderlyingView() which is utilized in the RioLRTCoordinator.deposit() function. We can see the following stack trace below showing how the strategy function is called when calculating how many LRT tokens should be minted for the depositor

- Strategy.sharesToUnderlyingView()
  - RioLRTAssetRegistry.convertFromSharesToAsset()
    -  RioLRTAssetRegistry.getTotalBalanceForAsset()
      -  RioLRTAssetRegistry.getTVLForAsset()
        - RioLRTAssetRegistry.getTVL()
          - RioLRTCoordinator.getTVL()
            - RioLRTCoordinator.convertFromUnitOfAccountToRestakingTokens()
              - RioLRTCoordinator.convertFromAssetToRestakingTokens()
                - RioLRTCoordinator.deposit()

```solidity
function deposit(address asset, uint256 amountIn) external checkDeposit(asset, amountIn) returns (uint256 amountOut) {
    // Convert deposited asset amount to restaking tokens.
    // AUDIT: here we are relying on the EL Strategy.sharesToUnderlyingView() function to determine how many tokens should be minted.
    amountOut = convertFromAssetToRestakingTokens(asset, amountIn);

    // Pull tokens from the sender to the deposit pool.
    IERC20(asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(depositPool()), amountIn);

    // Mint restaking tokens to the caller.
    token.mint(msg.sender, amountOut);

    emit Deposited(msg.sender, asset, amountIn, amountOut);
}
```

## Impact

When a EL strategy migrates, Rio's accounting of strategies held by the contract will change. Currently there is no elegant way for Rio to update the strategy. Therefore when EL does update the strategy, a massive value change will impact Rio, causing a variety of issues to occur, including the value of a LRT token to change dramatically.

Note that this is different from the protocol pausing the strategy or rug pulling as Eigenlayer over time may be expected to migrate strategy contracts.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol?plain=1#L73-L88

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTAssetRegistry.sol?plain=1#L212-L231



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Rio should consider implementing a migration feature for strategy contracts. This feature should include the ability for the protocol to update the strategy for a given asset. In addition, the protocol should add a pause functionality for critical ops that rely on a given asset's Strategy for accounting values.
