Fast Turquoise Mantis

high

# Users can circumvent slashing penalties by front-running EigenLayer updates

## Summary

Changes to the actual balance of validators are update when `verifyBalanceUpdates()` is called on an EigenPod. Slashing of an EigenPod is therefore known before it is updated in the EigenLayer system.

Users can abuse this by front-running the `verifyBalanceUpdates()` call to circumvent the slashing penalty.
## Vulnerability Detail

A user can monitor the validators and call `requestWithdrawal()` when a validator is slashed to front-run calls to `verifyBalanceUpdates()`.

If a user calls `requestWithdrawal()` before the balance is update on EigenLayer they will inflate `sharesOwed` they are entitled too since the TVL  has still not accounted for the slashing that happened.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L101
```solidity
sharesOwed = convertToSharesFromRestakingTokens(asset, amountIn);
```

This saved in a EpochWithdrawals struct for the current epoch

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L137-L142

```solidity
        EpochWithdrawals storage epochWithdrawals = _getEpochWithdrawals(asset, currentEpoch);
        epochWithdrawals.sharesOwed += SafeCast.toUint120(sharesOwed);
        epochWithdrawals.amountToBurnAtSettlement += amountIn;

        UserWithdrawalSummary storage userSummary = epochWithdrawals.users[withdrawer];
        userSummary.sharesOwed += SafeCast.toUint120(sharesOwed);
```

The user will increase their `sharesOwed` since the TVL is inflated.
## Impact

Simple example:

Initial state:
2 validators 32 ETH each
10 users with equal LRT, 6.4 each.

1. Validator 1 is slashed for 16 ETH
2. User 1 front-runs `verifyBalanceUpdates()` with a call to `requestWithdrawal()` and has sharesOwed =  6.4 since TVL is still 64 ETH.
4. `verifyBalanceUpdates()` is now called to update EigenLayer balance.
5. User 2 calls `requestWithdrawal()` and has sharesOwed= 4.8 since TVL has decreased to 48.

User 1 has stolen 1.4 ETH from the rest.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L101

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L121

## Tool used

Manual Review
## Recommendation

One way to defend against this is to not calculate `sharesOwed` when users call `requestWithdrawal()` but when the current epoch is rebalanced. All users in ~24h period will withdraw based on the same TVL at the point the `rebalance()` function is called. 

Example solution:

Add a new variable to EpochWithdrawals, `LRTtoShareRatio` based on the actual LTV when the `rebalance()` happens. We also save `amountIn` instead of `sharesOwed` in EpochWithdrawal.

The correct `sharesOwed` and can now be calculated based on `LRTtoShareRatio` and `amountIn` when needed. 

This would make it much harder to front-run since rebalance can only happen once every 24h. Rio could monitor the chain and update any slashed EigenPod if it has not happened. 

If you wish to guarantee no front-running `rebalance()` can be permissioned only to the rebalance bot that will also check off-chain if validators have been slashed.