Plain Vinyl Cobra

high

# Calling function _queueWithdrawalForOperatorExitOrScrape  will revert.

## Summary
This function will revert due to a require statement in eigenlayer’s delegationmanager contract.the statement is withdrawer must be stake. But here withdrawer is not staker.


## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let assume the function  _queueWithdrawalForOperatorExitOrScrape is called by Coordinator contract .
2. This function calls the _queueWithdrawal function i.e _queueWithdrawal(strategy, shares, address(depositPool()));
3.  See the  _queueWithdrawal function, here  withdrawer is set to  depositPool contract in QueuedWithdrawalParams.
4. Now the function _queueWithdrawal calls the delegationManager’s queueWithdrawals function.
5. See  function queueWithdrawals(delegationManager contract) where a statement is require(queuedWithdrawalParams[i].withdrawer == msg.sender, "DelegationManager.queueWithdrawal: withdrawer must be staker");
6. Here withdrawer must be msg.sender
7. In RioLRTOperatorDelegator contract ,queuedWithdrawalParams[i].withdrawer is set to depositPool contract  but here msg.sender of the function queueWithdrawals(delegationManager contract) is RioLRTOperatorDelegator contract. This will cause a revert.

## Impact
Calling function _queueWithdrawalForOperatorExitOrScrape  will revert.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L257

https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/dev/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L275

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure withdrawer and msg.sender is same when calling the  function queueWithdrawals(delegationManager contract)
