Mean Red Narwhal

medium

# Activation of Operators Exceeding Maximum Limit, Breaks MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT Invariant

## Summary

The `activateOperator` function within OperatorRegistryV1Admin library does not enforce `MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT` check.

## Vulnerability Detail

The activateOperator function is designed to change the state of an operator from inactive to active. However, it does not enforce the maximum limit of active operators as defined by the MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT constant, which is set to 64. This means that if the function is called repeatedly without regard to the number of currently active operators, it could result in a state where the number of active operators exceeds the intended limit.

## Impact

The protocol intends to have max 64 active operators at a time by design, which will be violated and may lead to uncertain issues within protocol design.

## Code Snippet

[Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/utils/OperatorRegistryV1Admin.sol#L95)

## PoC

Let's consider following scenario : 

1. Admin adds 40 operators: The activeOperatorCount would increase to 40, assuming all operators are activated upon addition (which the addOperator function does).

2. Admin deactivates 30 operators: The activeOperatorCount would decrease by 30, leaving 10 active operators.

3. Admin adds 30 new operators: The activeOperatorCount would increase by 30, resulting in 40 active operators (10 previously active + 30 newly added and activated).

4. Admin activates 30 operators that were deactivated: If the admin reactivates the 30 previously deactivated operators, the activeOperatorCount would increase by 30 again.

After all these operations, the total number of active operators would be 70 (40 active from step 3 + 30 reactivated). However, this exceeds the `MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT` of 64.

The issue here is that the activateOperator function does not check against MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT. So, while the code should not allow more than 64 active operators, the lack of this check in activateOperator means that the system state could end up with more than the maximum allowed number of active operators, which is not the intended behavior.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To resolve the issue implement a check within the activateOperator function to ensure that activating an operator will not cause the activeOperatorCount to exceed `MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT`

```diff
    function activateOperator(RioLRTOperatorRegistryStorageV1.StorageV1 storage s, uint8 operatorId) external {
        IRioLRTOperatorRegistry.OperatorDetails storage operator = s.operatorDetails[operatorId];

        if (operator.delegator == address(0)) revert IRioLRTOperatorRegistry.INVALID_OPERATOR_DELEGATOR();
        if (operator.active) revert IRioLRTOperatorRegistry.OPERATOR_ALREADY_ACTIVE();

+       if (s.activeOperatorCount >= MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT) {
+           revert IRioLRTOperatorRegistry.MAX_ACTIVE_OPERATOR_COUNT_EXCEEDED();
+           }

        operator.active = true;
        s.activeOperatorCount += 1;

        emit IRioLRTOperatorRegistry.OperatorActivated(operatorId);
    }
```
