Nutty Indigo Duck

medium

# Operator may undelegate themselves and cause loss or stuck funds

## Summary
Operators may undelegate themselves through Eigenlayer's DelegationManager.sol which would queue a withdrawal for the staker (i.e. Rio's OperatorDelegator.sol) and allow the staker to claim after. The issue is that Rio's OperatorDelegator immediately forwards all native ETH received to the rewardsDistributor, and cannot handle withdrawals of ERC20 tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
Operators can can 'force' undelegate themselves by calling `undelegate()` which can be called by either the staker, operator or operator's delegationApprover.
https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L211C5-L221C11
```solidity
function undelegate(address staker) external onlyWhenNotPaused(PAUSED_ENTER_WITHDRAWAL_QUEUE) returns (bytes32[] memory withdrawalRoots) {
        address operator = delegatedTo[staker];
        require(
            msg.sender == staker ||
                msg.sender == operator ||
                msg.sender == _operatorDetails[operator].delegationApprover,
            "DelegationManager.undelegate: caller cannot undelegate staker"
        );

		if (msg.sender != staker) {
            emit StakerForceUndelegated(staker, operator);
        }
		... 
```

This queues a withdrawal, setting the staker as withdrawer which would be Rio's OperatorDelegator contract:
```solidity
 withdrawalRoots[i] = _removeSharesAndQueueWithdrawal({
                    staker: staker,
                    operator: operator,
                    withdrawer: staker,
                    strategies: singleStrategy,
                    shares: singleShare
                });
```

After queuing, just like a regular queued withdrawer, the staker has to call `completeQueuedWithdrawal()` to receive the tokens. In Rio's setup, anyone can go to DepositPool.sol to call `completeOperatorWithdrawalForAsset` which will call OperatorDelegator to call`completeQueuedWithdrawal()` on Eigenlayer.

The problem however is that in Rio's architecture OperatorDelegator is not meant to receive ETH/tokens deposits from Eigenlayer (depositPool/withdrawQueue are the correct recipients). So, any native ETH sent to OperatorDelegator is forwarded via `receive()` to the RewardsDistributor to be distributed between the treasury, operator and depositPool. There is also no withdraw function for ERC20 tokens sent to OperatorDelegator.
## Impact
If we assume the Operator is acting maliciously (judge's guidance was that operators **aren't** trusted in the context of the in-scope contracts), then this attack could be pulled off at no cost to instantly earn 5% (`operatorETHValidatorRewardShareBPS`) of deposited ETH distributed through the RewardsDistributor. 

Even if Operators are assumed to be honest, it could also happen accidentally as operators manage many validators not just for Rio but a variety of protocols. There is a slim chance that the wrong validator could be exited and undelegated.

If it occurs, there will be a temporary DOS of funds and Rio will have to recover ETH from the operator and treasury, and/or upgrade their contracts to recover any stuck funds.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L244
https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L211


## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
1. Consider adding a pause mechanism on RewardsDistributor, which will halt the distribution of rewards when an `undelegate` event is observed.
2. Consider adding a withdrawal function to recover ERC20 tokens from OperatorDelegator. 