Rural Tweed Lemur

medium

# LRT that accepts both ETH and non-ETH assets can be forced to exit validators and receive less rewards

## Summary
If an LRT supports ETH and non-ETH assets it's possible for a staker to force a withdrawal of ETH, which is the only asset that currently accumulates rewards. 

## Vulnerability Detail
At the moment only ETH and the beacon chain strategy receive rewards. If an LRT accepts some non-ETH assets as underlying an attacker can perform a griefing attack that prevents the protocol from receiving rewards.

Let's suppose there's an LRT that supports ETH and USDC. The LRT has `320 ETH` deposited in 10 validators and `0 USDC`. Assuming an ETH price of `3000 USDC` an attacker can:
1. Call [RioLRTCoordinator::deposit()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L77) to deposit (320 * 3000) `960000 USDC` which will mint enough LRTTokens to withdraw all of the ETH
2. Request a withdrawal via [RioLRTCoordinator::requestWithdrawal()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L99) but withdrawing ETH instead of USDC

This will withdraw all of the ETH from the validators, will lower the amount of rewards received by the protocol and will force operators to have to exit their validators, otherwise the protocol will be unable to operate.

This can also be problematic in the more general situation where multiple strategies are added and the amount of rewards they receive is different.

## Impact
It's possible to lower the amount of rewards received by the protocol and/or force operators to exit their validators.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If there's liquidity in other assets withdraw those assets first, convert them to ETH and send them to the withdrawer.