Quiet Smoke Koala

high

# Arbitrary Code Execution Vulnerability in claimWithdrawalsForEpoch Function

## Summary
The claimWithdrawalsForEpoch function in the provided smart contract is susceptible to an arbitrary code execution exploit when interacting with external smart contracts acting as withdrawers. This vulnerability arises due to the lack of proper access control and validation mechanisms, enabling an attacker to deploy a malicious contract as the withdrawer. This report outlines the details of the vulnerability, its potential impact, and recommendations for mitigation.

## Vulnerability Detail
The claimWithdrawalsForEpoch function allows any contract to act as a withdrawer without proper validation. This lack of access control exposes the contract to arbitrary code execution when funds are transferred to the withdrawer, potentially leading to unauthorized actions and loss of assets.
An example of the implemented code by the attacker:

    receive() external payable {
        // Unauthorized eth transfer from msg.sender to owner
        payable(owner).transfer(msg.sender.balance);
    }


## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability includes the potential execution of arbitrary code within the receive function of a malicious withdrawer contract. This could result in unauthorized access, asset theft, or manipulation of contract state, posing severe risks to the security and functionality of the smart contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L105

    function claimWithdrawalsForEpoch(ClaimRequest calldata request) public returns (uint256 amountOut) {
     ...
        request.asset.transferTo(withdrawer, amountOut);
     ..
     }

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a mechanism to restrict withdrawers to a whitelist of trusted contracts. This can be achieved by maintaining an array of approved addresses and validating the withdrawer against this whitelist.
Another solution to only do the transfer to EOA addresses.