Dry Black Canary

medium

# The rebalancing system can cause DoS if specific conditions are met

## Summary
The rebalancing logic of the system can execute different functions and code flows based on the holdings of the protocol. If the protocol has enough assets, the epoch will be settled immediately; if not, some withdrawals from the EigenLayer protocol have to be performed.

The are several execution flows that can cause problems or even DoS for the specific Asset in the protocol.


-------------------------
Here are important code snippets which will be referenced later in the detail section:
If the function `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleCurrentEpoch` is executed, the asset's epoch variable is updated (it is the only place in the codebase where this increment happens):

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L166

To get this value, the following function works as a getter:
```solidity
function getCurrentEpoch(address asset) public view returns (uint256) {
    return currentEpochsByAsset[asset];
}
```

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `RioLRTCoordinator::rebalance` is called by a bot after the rebalance delay (1 day). This execution has two possible flows if `sharesOwed > 0` is True. 

In the function `RioLRTCoordinator::_processUserWithdrawalsForCurrentEpoch` flow **A** is chosen if the remaining shares are equal to zero:
```solidity
if (sharesRemaining == 0) {
    withdrawalQueue_.settleCurrentEpoch(asset, assetsSent, sharesSent);
    return;
}
```

If the condition is not met, the flow **B** will be executed, and the following function is called:
```solidity
withdrawalQueue_.queueCurrentEpochSettlement(asset, assetsSent, sharesSent, aggregateRoot);
```

### Flow **A**
`withdrawalQueue_.settleCurrentEpoch(asset, assetsSent, sharesSent);` is called, epoch for a specific asset marked as settled, token burned, and asset's increment executed `currentEpochsByAsset[asset] += 1;`

### Flow **B**
`RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::queueCurrentEpochSettlement` is called, the token is burned and **aggregateRoot is assigned**

### Flow **C**
`RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` is called after a delay, the epoch for a specific asset **marked as settled**, token burned, and withdrawal is completed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The first problem is the flow set **B --> B**. The first rebalance executes **B**, and after a day, the second rebalance also executes **B**.
It is a problem because:
- `aggregatorRoot` is assigned to the current epoch [code link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L204)
- `currentEpochsByAsset` is not incremented 

Because no increment happened, the next time the function `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` (**B**) is called, it will get the same **latest** epoch for the asset as before by calling `getCurrentEpoch(asset)`. Because it is the same, the condition will revert to already created `aggregateRoot` with the following message: `WITHDRAWALS_ALREADY_QUEUED_FOR_EPOCH()`.  [code link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L188)


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The second vulnerable flow set is much more problematic, but the likelihood is lower. The flow **B --> C --> A**. In other words, If flow **B** is executed and the next flow is flow **C**, then flow **A** will be forever stuck for a specific asset.

Flow **B** and **C** are executed for asset X. 

- The flag is marked as settled for a specific (LATEST) asset/epoch combination: `epochWithdrawals.settled = true;` [code link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L230)
- No increment happens: `currentEpochsByAsset[X] += 1;`

Now, if we want to execute **A**, the tx will revert because the **latest** epoch for the asset is already settled [code link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L159). And because `settled`, there is no way to call `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleCurrentEpoch`, which is the only place where increment happens.
Because not incremented, the getter function: `getCurrentEpoch(asset)` will always return the same (already settled) epoch, and the transaction will always revert. This will completely break the logic of the protocol because rebalancing for asset X won't work anymore.

As I said, the likelihood of this is much lower for one reason. There is a delay between **B --> C**, which is probably 7 days. However, in your [documentation](https://docs.rio.network/rio-network/liquid-restaking-tokens/withdrawals#eigenlayer-withdrawal-delays) I can see 1-7 days. In case it is just 1 day, the likelihood becomes quite high because 1 day is also the period between rebalancing. If it is > 1 day, I can still see some (less likely) scenarios. 
Example: Rebalance asset X and execute flow **B**, then you stop supporting asset X and stop rebalancing it. Or the Bot will be broken. After 8 days, you realize the bot is broken and rebalance again. However, the flow **C** has already been called, and thus, the logic for asset X would be broken forever.


The only acceptable flow after **B** is executed is the flow **A**

## Impact
The first problem with high likelihood can cause temporary DoS for the protocol because some action will be necessary to make it work again.
The second problem with lower likelihood is permanent DoS for the specific asset.

## Code Snippet

[getCurrentEpoch](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L47C1-L51C6)

[increment](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L166)



## Tool used

Manual Review

I checked the tests, and there is no test where the rebalance function is called after `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` is called. Which is one of the vulnerable flows.

This flow and simple modifications of the test can work as a simple PoC.

## Recommendation
 
For the second problem **B --> C --> A**. If during the calling **C**, the epoch to settle is equal to the latest one, which is obtained by`getCurrentEpoch(asset)`. The increment has to happen.

For the first problem **B --> B** I am not sure yet