Active Azure Elephant

high

# settleEpochFromEigenLayer never increments currentEpochsByAsset, DoS'ing the system

## Summary

currentEpochsByAsset doesn't get incremented while epochWithdrawals.settled gets set to true, permanently DoS'ing most of the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

Withdrawal epochs are either settled using funds available in the deposit pool, or if insufficient funds are available, by withdrawing funds from EigenLayer and settling once the funds are available after the withdrawal delay.

In the case that we withdraw from EigenLayer and settle after the withdrawal delay, we use settleEpochFromEigenLayer. However, this method fails to increment currentEpochsByAsset, while setting epochWithdrawals.settled to true. 

The only way to increment currentEpochsByAsset is by calling settleCurrentEpoch. However, since epochWithdrawals.settled has been set to true, the function will always revert:

```solidity
// @audit reverts if already settled
if (epochWithdrawals.settled) revert EPOCH_ALREADY_SETTLED();

epochWithdrawals.settled = true;
epochWithdrawals.assetsReceived = SafeCast.toUint120(assetsReceived);
epochWithdrawals.shareValueOfAssetsReceived = SafeCast.toUint120(shareValueOfAssetsReceived);

token.burn(epochWithdrawals.amountToBurnAtSettlement);
// @audit only way to increment currentEpochsByAsset
currentEpochsByAsset[asset] += 1;
```

## Impact

The result of this is that the epoch can never be incremented, nor can we ever settle another epoch. This causes rebalance to always revert.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L216

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Increment currentEpochsByAsset in settleEpochFromEigenLayer or otherwise at some point during the execution of EigenLayer queue/settlement.