Mammoth Macaroon Ant

high

# If an `epoch` is settled from EigenLayer, the epoch is not been updated/increased after settlement.

## Severity
High

## Summary
If an epoch is being settled using queuedWithdrawals from EigenLayer then it is not being updated/increased , causing the epoch to remain same, where `epochWithdrawals.settled` is marked as true, because of which further all operations would revert, because of checks at various places regarding settlement of epoch.

## Vulnerability Detail
Withdrawals are being processed from an internal function `_processUserWithdrawalsForCurrentEpoch` ,if shares owned in the current epoch are greater than zero.

Now while processing if the amount of shares in the `Deposit Pool` can fund `all` of the user's withdrawal requests , then the epoch is settled from calling `WithdrawalQueue::settleCurrentEpoch`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L147-L169

You can see at line L-166

```javascript
currentEpochsByAsset[asset] += 1;
```

current epoch by an asset is being increased after all processes in settling the epoch.

But if the amount in the `Deposit Pool` can not fund the sum of the user's withdrawal requests, then the full withdrawal is being be queued for redemption from EigenLayer.

Here the epoch is settled from calling `WithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` function.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L211-L271

But the issue here is that while settling epoch from EigenLayer `currentEpochsByAsset[asset]` is not being increased and the epochWithdrawals.settled is being marked true as you can see at line L-230.

## Impact
Now if an epoch is being settled from EigenLayer, next withdrawals are expected to batched for next epoch, but would be instead batched for current epoch itself as the `currentEpochByAsset` is not being increased.

Because of which when after calling rebalance function when the withdrawals will be processed, all withdrawals rather it being funded by DepositPool or EigenLayer, would always revert with `EPOCH_ALREADY_SETTLED` as both  `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleCurrentEpoch` & `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` are doing the following check

```javascript
if (epochWithdrawals.settled) revert EPOCH_ALREADY_SETTLED();
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L159

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L224

Hence further queued withdrawals for those assets will never be processed, and the users requested withdrawal will lose their restaking tokens also since these are being pulled from them in `RioLRTCoordinator::requestWithdrawal`
```javascript
// Pull restaking tokens from the sender to the withdrawal queue.
token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(withdrawalQueue()), amountIn);
```

Leading to loss of funds of users.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
```javascript
currentEpochsByAsset[asset] += 1;
```

Should also be implemented in `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue::settleEpochFromEigenLayer` function.