Breezy Cloth Bull

high

# New epoch is not started once the current one is queued for withdrawal from EigenLayer

## Summary
If the epoch has had more net withdrawals than deposits, it is queued for withdrawal from EigenLayer. However, once queued, the epoch value is not incremented, which leads to several issues.

## Vulnerability Detail
Deposits and withdrawals in Rio are chunked into 24-hour epochs. Epochs lifecycle can have the following paths:

1. `deposits >= withdrawals` - requested withdrawals can be claimed immediately after `rebalance`. Epoch becomes `settled`. `currentEpochsByAsset` is incremented.

2.  `deposits < withdrawals` - a withdrawal from EigenLayer is requested. Tokens will be claimable after the EigenLayer 7-day withdrawal delay, after which the epoch becomes `settled`. `currentEpochsByAsset` is NOT incremented.

Let's assume that in scenario 2, after withdrawal from EL is requested, there's at least one withdrawal request from reETH holders. Their `requestWithdrawal` call will succeed, increasing the epoch's `sharesOwed` and `amountToBurnAtSettlement`. Rebalances will be temporarily bricked, as calls to `queueCurrentEpochSettlement` will revert with `WITHDRAWALS_ALREADY_QUEUED_FOR_EPOCH`.

1. During the next 7 days, if there's always less deposits than withdrawals, the epoch will be settled at the end of these 7 days via `settleEpochFromEigenLayer`. All new withdrawals will create the following issue:

Imagine 32 ETH is queued for withdrawal before the request from EL, and 32 ETH after. So the epoch has had 64 ETH requested, but it will be settled with a 32 ETH withdrawal. Each user ends up claiming 16 ETH, despite burning 32 ETH worth of reETH. The lost 2 * 16 ETH will become the profit for the rest of the restakers. [PoC](https://gist.github.com/aslanbekaibimov/c26a5495054a295b6aee403df715dc10)

2. However, during these 7 days, if there's `deposits >= withdrawals`, the epoch will be settled via `rebalance`, which would in turn call `settleCurrentEpoch`, and the withdrawal requested from EL will become unclaimable, as `settleEpochFromEigenLayer` will revert (because the epoch would be already settled). As the withdrawal from EigenLayer can only be claimed from `WithdrawalQueue#settleEpochFromEigenLayer`, and this function is permanently DoSed, the stuck withdrawal from EL can be retrieved only by upgrading WithdrawalQueue.

## Impact
1. Funds requested for withdrawal are stuck in EigenLayer if the epoch was settled with new deposits. [PoC](https://gist.github.com/aslanbekaibimov/5b85da06682413a20d1d4c167de576c9)
2. Loss of value for all withdrawals of the epoch if at least one withdrawal was queued **after** a withdrawal from EigenLayer was requested. 
3. Unexpected revert in `queueWithdrawal` due to the queued EL withdrawal being accounted twice. [PoC](https://gist.github.com/aslanbekaibimov/0ec286406608e7087c5bed43eaaf603f)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/4f01e065c1ed346875cf5b05d2b43e0bcdb4c849/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.sol#L177
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`queueCurrentEpochSettlement` should increment `currentEpochsByAsset`.
