Expert Jetblack Bee

high

# Check to ensure that call is from EOA, might not prevent reward distribution attacks in the future

## Summary

On RioLRTCoordinator.rebalance() a check is made to ensure that the calls are only made from EOA. After talking with the sponsor, it was clarified that the reason for the check is to prevent **flash loan reward distribution sandwich attacks**. [EIP-3074](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3074) suggests that the check might not hold true in the future, and a better way to prevent the attack is necessary.

## Vulnerability Detail

```solidity
    function rebalance(address asset) external checkRebalanceDelayMet(asset) {
        if (!assetRegistry().isSupportedAsset(asset)) revert ASSET_NOT_SUPPORTED(asset);
        if (msg.sender != tx.origin) revert CALLER_MUST_BE_EOA(); // to prevent reward distribution sandwich attacks 
```

The `msg.sender != tx.origin` check is to guarantee that the caller is always a EOA used to prevent a reward distribution sandwich attack.  

Here is how the attack could work:
1 - Take out an ETH flash loan.
2 - Call RioLRTCoordinator.deposit() and deposit ETH until the deposit cap is reached, minting an equivalent amount of LRT token shares. The ETH is sent to the RioLRTDepositPool.
3 - Execute claimDelayedWithdrawal on the EigenPod contract which sweeps funds, sends them to the RioLRTRewardDistributor which forwards them to the RioLRTDepositPool.
4 - Call RioLRTCoordinator.requestWithdrawal() contract, withdrawing the entire balance of the LRT token shares. Because the deposit pool contains sufficient funds (sent on step 2 and 3), the withdrawal is immediately eligible for fulfillment.
5 - Call RioLRTCoordinator.rebalance(), which will send the ETH to the RioLRTWithdrawalQueue. 
6 - Finalize the withdrawal by calling RioLRTWithdrawalQueue.claimWithdrawalsForEpoch() to receive the assets + any rewards.
7 - Pay back the flashloan.

However, according to [EIP-3074](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3074),

"This EIP introduces two EVM instructions AUTH and AUTHCALL. The first sets a context variable authorized based on an ECDSA signature. The second sends a call as the authorized account. This essentially delegates control of the externally owned account (EOA) to a smart contract."

Therefore, using tx.origin to ensure msg.sender is an EOA will not hold true in the event EIP 3074 goes through.

## Impact

When EIP-3074 is enabled on Ethereum, the check `msg.sender != tx.origin` will not be enough to guarantee that the caller is an EOA, and the contract will be vulnerable to the reward distribution sandwich attack. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L123

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A delay between deposit() and requestWithdraw() and/or a reentrancy guard must be implemented.

To prevent flash loan reward distribution sandwich attacks, the enforcement of **a delay** between deposit() and requestWithdraw() should be considered. 
A **reentrancy guard**, on RioLRTCoordinator main functions, can also be a solution and would prevent the attack from being done by way of flash loan, however the delay would also prevent the reward distribution attack from being done by actors with large amounts of capital with two transactions in the same block, effectively making anyone who wants to partake in LRT rewards have to risk their capital for the duration of multiple blocks, or the defined minimum delay. 