Rural Tweed Lemur

high

# `rebalance()` will revert for assets whose strategy have the `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` flag turned on on Eigenlayer

## Summary
[RioLRTCoordinator::rebalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L128) will revert for assets whose strategy have the flag `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` set to `true` in Eiegenlayer. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The function [RioLRTOperatorDelegator::_queueWithdrawal()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L265) is responsible for queuing withdrawals of assets in Eigenlayer. The function is called in two instances, either to withdraw funds to [the deposit pool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L257) or to withdraw funds to the [withdrawal queue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTOperatorDelegator.sol#L217).

The function calls [DelegationManager::queueWithdrawals()](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L267) in Eigenlayer, which has a downstream call to [DelegationManager::_removeSharesAndQueueWithdrawal()](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L704) which reverts if the staker is not the withdrawer when the flag `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` for strategy of the asset we are withdrawing is set to `true`:
```solidity
 require(staker == withdrawer || !strategyManager.thirdPartyTransfersForbidden(strategies[i]),"DelegationManager._removeSharesAndQueueWithdrawal: withdrawer must be same address as staker if thirdPartyTransfersForbidden are set");
```

In the case of rio network the `staker` is a `RioLRTOperatorDelegator` instance but the withdrawer is set either to the `RioLRTWithdrawalQueue` or the `RioLRTDepositPool` instance.

Important to note that when `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` flag set to `true` Eigenlayer still works normally and it's not akin to a `pause` function in which case Eigenlayer stops working and as a consequence is just expected that the Rio protocol stops as well. Rio network should be able to handle the case in which said flag is turned on.

## Impact
Funds can get stucked in Eigenlayer, the Rio protocol [RioLRTCoordinator::rebalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-rio-network-core-protocol/blob/main/rio-sherlock-audit/contracts/restaking/RioLRTCoordinator.sol#L128) function for the asset of which `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` is set to `true` can't be called anymore (if funds need to be queue for withdrawal from Eigenlayer) leading to users not being able to exchange their LRT tokens for the specified asset.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In [DelegationManager::queueWithdrawals()](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L267) check the flag `thirdPartyTransfersForbidden` and if it's `true` set `RioLRTOperatorDelegator` itself as withdrawer. Then add a withdrawal flow that allows `RioLRTOperatorDelegator` to call [completeQueuedWithdrawal()](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-contracts/blob/v0.2.1-goerli-m2/src/contracts/core/DelegationManager.sol#L305) and distribute the received funds accordingly.